C:\Users\olisavo\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python310\python.exe C:\Users\olisavo\NAI_Question_Generator\main.py
Too long of a text, stopped at page 1

DNA.pdf


The structure of the DNA double helix. The atoms in the
structure are colour-coded by element and the detailed
structures of two base pairs are shown in the bottom
right.DNA Deoxyr ibonucleic acid DNA) is a polymer composed of two
polynuc leotide chains that coil around each other to form a doubl e helix. The polymer
carries genetic instructions for the development, functioning, growth and reproduc tion of all
know n organisms and many viruses. DNA and
ribonuc leic acid (RNA) are nucleic acids.
Alongside proteins, lipids and complex
carbohydr ates (polysaccharides), nucleic acids
are one of the four major types of
macromolecules that are essential for all know n
forms of life.The two DNA strands are known as
polynuc leotides as they are composed of simpler
monom eric units called nucleotides.[2][3] Each
nucleotide is composed of one of four nitrogen-
containing nucleobases (cytosine [C], guanine [G], adenine [A] or thymine [T]), a sugar called
deoxyribose, and a phosphate group. The nucleotides are joined to one another in a chain
by covalent bonds  (known as the phos phodiester linkage) between the sugar of
one nucleotide and the phosphate of the next,  resulting in an
alternating sugar-phos phate backbone . The nitrogenous bases of the two separate polynuc leotide strands
are bound t ogether, according to base pairing rules (A with T and C with G), with hydrogen bonds  to make
doubl e-stranded DNA. The complementary nitrogenous bases are divided into two groups, pyrimidines and
purines. In DNA, the pyrimidines are thymine and cytosine; the purines are adenine and gua nine.
Both strands of doubl e-stranded DNA store the same biological information. This information is replicated
when the two strands separate. A large part of DNA (more than 98% for humans) is non-coding, meaning
that these sections do not serve as patterns for protein sequences. The two strands of DNA run in oppos ite
directions to each other and are thus antiparallel. Attached to each sugar is one of four types of nucleobases
(or bases). It is the sequence of these four nucleobases along the backbone  that encodes genetic
information. RNA strands are created using DNA strands as a template in a process called transcription,
where DNA bases are exchanged for their correspondi ng bases except in the case of thymine (T), for
which RNA substitutes uracil (U).[4] Under the genetic code, these RNA strands specify the sequence of
amino acids within proteins in a process called translation.
Within eukaryotic cells, DNA is organized into long structures called chromosomes. Before typical cell
division, these chromosomes are duplicated in the process of DNA replication, providing a complete set of
chromosomes for each daughter cell. Eukaryotic organisms (animals, plants, fungi and protists) store most
of their DNA inside the cell nucleus as nuclear DNA, and some in the mitochondr ia as mitochondr ial DNA
or in chloroplasts as chloroplast DNA.[5] In contrast, prokaryotes (bacteria and archaea) store their DNA
only in the cytoplasm, in circular chromosomes. Within eukaryotic chromosomes, chromatin proteins, such

Too long of a text, stopped at page 0

howmuchwater.pdf




Too long of a text, stopped at page 1

Language.pdf


Black American Sign
Language
Fingerspelling of "BASL"
Native to United States
Region North America
Language
familyFrench Sign–based
(possibly a creole)
American Sign
Language
Black American
Sign Language
Language codes
ISO 639-3 –
G l o t t o l o g NoneBlack American Sign Language
Black American Sign Language (BASL) or Black Sign
Variation (BSV) is a dialect of American Sign Langua ge
(ASL)[1] used most commonly by deaf African Americans in
the United States. The divergence from ASL was influenced
largely by the segregation of schools in the American South.
Like other schools at the time, schools for the deaf were
segregated based upon race, creating two langua ge
communities among deaf signers: white deaf signers at white
schools and black deaf signers at black schools. As of the mid
2010s , BASL is still used by s igners in the South despite publ ic
schools having be en legally desegregated since 1954.
Linguistically, BASL differs from other varieties of ASL in its
phonol ogy, syntax, and vocabulary. BASL tends to have a
larger signing space, meaning that some signs are produc ed
further away from the body than in other dialects. Signers of
BASL also tend to prefer two-handed variants of signs, while
signers of ASL tend to prefer one-handed variants. Some signs
are different in BASL as well, with some borrowings from
African American English.
History
Phonology
Syntax
Lexical variation
Borrowing from African-American Vernacular
English
See also
Notes
References
Like many educational institutions for hearing children during the 1800s  and early 1900s , schools for deaf
children were segregated based on race.[2] The first school for the Deaf in the United States, the American
School for the Deaf (ASD), was founde d in 1817 but did not admit any Black students until 1952. Of the
schools for the Deaf that were founde d, few admitted students of color.[3] Seeing a lack of educational
oppor tunities for Black Deaf children, Platt Skinner founde d the Skinner School for the Colored Deaf,Contents
History

Too long of a text, stopped at page 6

lovepoemsworking.pdf





AFTER LOVE AND FEAR,
THERE’S PRIDE


After love and fear, there’s pride;
After tears, the night;
After all the words are gone,
A chair with just one light.

After memories, the dream That you will come home safe;
After sleep, another day
Of waiting for my life.

After hope, the happiness Of thinking of your love;
After moments of despair
A stone no thought can move.

After all the sacrifice, The hunger and the pain,
The passions and the promises,
The losses and the gains,

There’s nothing but my love for you, Which waits upon the wind
To bring you from the barricades
That now you must defend.
LOVE POEMS
5


AFTER YOU LEAVE,
I WILL BECOME A TREE


After you leave, I will become a tree
Alone on a hillside, loving wind and sun,
Waiting for you to return home to me
Though centuries of lonely stars may run.
I’ll grow tall and give lots of shade,
Sheltering birds and other bright-eyed things.
Pleased with all the progress that I’ve made,
I’ll spread my leafy branches out like wings.

But oh! Every moment of every day I’ll miss you with the passion of the wind,
Gazing endlessly upon the way That without you must empty, empty wind.
6
NICHOLAS GORDON



DO NOT LOVE ME YET


Do not love me yet, for I
Am still a slender moon,
A scimitar about the heart
Too sharp to touch too soon.

Before I’m touched I need to grow
More full in golden light;
I need to smile upon my earth
And rule some patch of night.
I need to know what roads and fields
Lie in my domain
And dull my brand new ecstasies
With sophomoric pain.

I need the love of some blank boy
As cold and dark as me,
That we might grope in ignorance
And fear of what might be.
And then, when I’m a silver bowl
And know what I can hold,
Then, then, perhaps, we could try love If you are not too old.
LOVE POEMS
7


DO YOU WANT ME?
WHAT’S THE MATTER?


Do you want me? What’s the matter?
You’re afraid some door will close?
You want the scent without the rose?
The moans of love without the chatter?

You think our love might be a tomb,
The only exit through my pain?
You’d rather put things off again
To give your fantasies some room?
You think: she’s great, but in a while
I might get bored? Or something better, Filling out a tighter sweater,
Might flash me a quick come-on smile?

You don’t want to be tied just yet
To just one future, just one kiss?
You think about all you might miss
And hold out for a better bet?

Well, fine! But then why do you haunt
Me like a jackal night and day?
Why, when my interest seems to stray,
Are you so sure of what you want?


8
NICHOLAS GORDON


Why, when I dare so much as laugh
At some guy’s jokes, you go ballistic,
Nasty, borderline sadistic, As if somebody touched your stuff?

And yet when I hook on to you,
You will not let yourself be mine,
Take out your fears and draw a line Between what you and I can do?

But freedom must be mutual,
And it takes two for one embrace.
You can’t both love and freedom chase, Unless you would adore a fool.
LOVE POEMS
9


DREAMS DO COME TRUE

 Dreams do come true, but only when
They make it through despair,
Limping into everyday
Transformed beyond repair.
 No dream would be a dream if it
Could pass for something real,
Nor would we sail for paradise
Would it its shoals conceal.

So it is with love: the dream
Long longed for, now possessed,
Must be a dream no longer, but
An emperor undressed.

Stark naked it must come to us
In unaccustomed shame,
And we must take it in our arms
And love it all the same.

And we must love love as it is
That dreams might still come true,
Mangled into miracles
To make our lives anew.
10
NICHOLAS GORDON

Too long of a text, stopped at page 2

rmjworking.pdf


SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSONEnter Sampson and Gregory, with swords and bucklers,
of the house of Capulet.
  Gregory, on my word we’ll not carry coals.
  No, for then we should be colliers.
  I mean, an we be in choler, we’ll draw.
  Ay, while you live, draw your neck out of
 collar.
  I strike quickly, being moved.
  But thou art not quickly moved to strike.
  A dog of the house of Montague moves me.
  To move is to stir, and to be valiant is to
 stand. Therefore if thou art moved thou runn’st
 away.
  A dog of that house shall move me to stand. I
 will take the wall of any man or maid of Montague’s.
  That shows thee a weak slave, for the weakest
 goes to the wall.
  ’Tis true, and therefore women, being the
 weaker vessels, are ever thrust to the wall. Therefore
 I will push Montague’s men from the wall and
 thrust his maids to the wall.
  The quarrel is between our masters and us
 their men.
  ’Tis all one. I will show myself a tyrant.
 When I have fought with the men, I will be civil
 with the maids; I will cut off their heads.
9ACT 1
Scene 1
FTLN 0015
FTLN 0016
FTLN 0017
FTLN 0018
FTLN 0019 5
FTLN 0020
FTLN 0021
FTLN 0022
FTLN 0023
FTLN 0024 10
FTLN 0025
FTLN 0026
FTLN 0027
FTLN 0028
FTLN 0029 15
FTLN 0030
FTLN 0031
FTLN 0032
FTLN 0033
FTLN 0034 20
FTLN 0035
FTLN 0036
FTLN 0037
FTLN 003811 Romeo and JulietACT 1. SC. 1
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
He bites his thumb.
ABRAM
SAMPSON
ABRAM
SAMPSON
GREGORY
SAMPSON
GREGORY
ABRAM
SAMPSON
ABRAM  The heads of the maids?
  Ay, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads.
 Take it in what sense thou wilt.
  They must take it in sense that feel it.
  Me they shall feel while I am able to stand,
 and ’tis known I am a pretty piece of flesh.
  ’Tis well thou art not fish; if thou hadst, thou
 hadst been poor-john. Draw thy tool. Here comes
 of the house of Montagues.
Enter Abram with another Servingman.
  My naked weapon is out. Quarrel, I will back
 thee.
  How? Turn thy back and run?
  Fear me not.
  No, marry. I fear thee!
  Let us take the law of our sides; let them
 begin.
  I will frown as I pass by, and let them take it
 as they list.
  Nay, as they dare. I will bite my thumb at
 them, which is disgrace to them if they bear it.
  Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
  I do bite my thumb, sir.
  Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
, aside to Gregory  Is the law of our side if I
 say “Ay”?
, aside to Sampson  No.
  No, sir, I do not bite my thumb at you, sir,
 but I bite my thumb, sir.
  Do you quarrel, sir?
  Quarrel, sir? No, sir.
  But if you do, sir, I am for you. I serve as
 good a man as you.
  No better.FTLN 0039 25
FTLN 0040
FTLN 0041
FTLN 0042
FTLN 0043
FTLN 0044 30
FTLN 0045
FTLN 0046
FTLN 0047
FTLN 0048
FTLN 0049 35
FTLN 0050
FTLN 0051
FTLN 0052
FTLN 0053
FTLN 0054 40
FTLN 0055
FTLN 0056
FTLN 0057
FTLN 0058
FTLN 0059 45
FTLN 0060
FTLN 0061
FTLN 0062
FTLN 0063
FTLN 0064 50
FTLN 0065
FTLN 0066
FTLN 0067
FTLN 0068
FTLN 0069 55
FTLN 0070
FTLN 0071

Too long of a text, stopped at page 2

test.pdf


HISTORY OF QAT AR












This tex t was tak en fro m: Ministry of Foreig n Affai rs. Qatar. London: St acey Inte rnational, 2000.

The ori ginal text was just  divided in historical phases to b etter fit th e con tent of t his web  site.


Source:  Ministry  of Foreign Affairs. Qatar. London: Stacey Internationa l, 2000.  1









1 -  First Qataris: the Dawn of Hu man Presence and Earliest Flint Stone
 Tools (before the 9th mill. BC)    3

2 -  The Beginning of Agriculture (from  the 9th to the 5th mill. BC)    3

3 -  The First Se asonal Se ttlements (f rom the 5th to th e 4th mill. BC)    4

4 -  Closer Relations with Mesopotam ia (from  the 4th to the 2nd mill. BC)    4

5 -  The Influence of the Babyl onian King Kassite (from  the 2nd to the
 1st mill. BC)    5

6 -  Alexander the Great and  the Seleu cid Period (fro m the 1st mill.
 to the 3rd century BC)    6

7 -  Classical Period: the Graeco Rom an, Partian and Sassanian Influences
 (from  the 3rd century BC to the 7th century AD)    6

8 -  The Rise of Islam  (from  the 7th to the  15th century AD)    7

9 -  The Portuguese Influence (from  the 15th to the 1 7th century AD)    8

10 - The British Influence (from  the 17th to the 1 9th century AD)    8

11 - The Emergence of the Al-Thani and the Beginning of Modernity
 (from  the 19th century to 1939 AD)    9

12 - The Contem porary Developm ent of Qatar (from  1939 AD up to now)  11





Source:  Ministry  of Foreign Affairs. Qatar. London: Stacey Internationa l, 2000.  2

Too long of a text, stopped at page 2

TheLittlePrinceWorking.pdf


41  Once when I was six years old I saw a magnificent picture in a book, called True Stories from Nature, about the primeval forest. It was a picture of a boa constrictor in the act of swallowing an animal. Here is a copy of the drawing.
 In the book it said: "Boa constrictors swallow their prey whole, without chewing it. After that they are not able to move, and they sleep through the six months that they need for digestion."  I pondered deeply, then, over the adventures of the jungle. And after some work with a colored pencil I succeeded in making my first drawing. My Drawing Number One. It looked something like this:
 I showed my masterpiece to the grown-ups, and asked them whether the drawing frightened them.  But they answered: "Frighten? Why should any one be frightened by a hat?"  My drawing was not a picture of a hat. It was a picture of a boa constrictor digesting an elephant. But since the grown-ups were not able to understand it, I made another drawing: I drew the inside of a boa constrictor, so that the grown-ups could see it clearly. They always need to have things explained. My Drawing Number Two looked like this:
 The grown-ups' response, this time, was to advise me to lay aside my drawings of boa constrictors, whether from the inside or the outside, and devote myself instead to geography, history, arithmetic, and grammar. That is why, at the age of six, I gave up what might have been a magnificent career as a painter. I had been disheartened by the failure of my Drawing Number One and my Drawing Number Two. Grown-ups never 5understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them.  So then I chose another profession, and learned to pilot airplanes. I have flown a little over all parts of the world; and it is true that geography has been very useful to me. At a glance I can distinguish China from Arizona. If one gets lost in the night, such knowledge is valuable.  In the course of this life I have had a great many encounters with a great many people who have been concerned with matters of consequence. I have lived a great deal among grown-ups. I have seen them intimately, close at hand. And that hasn't much improved my opinion of them.  Whenever I met one of them who seemed to me at all clear-sighted, I tried the experiment of showing him my Drawing Number One, which I have always kept. I would try to find out, so, if this was a person of true understanding. But, whoever it was, he, or she, would always say:  "That is a hat."  Then I would never talk to that person about boa constrictors, or primeval forests, or stars. I would bring myself down to his level. I would talk to him about bridge, and golf, and politics, and neckties. And the grown-up would be greatly pleased to have met such a sensible man.

Too long of a text, stopped at page 2

triangle.pdf


Right triangle
A right triangle (American English) or right-angled triangle
(British), or more formally an orthogon al triangle , formerly called a
rectangled triangle[1] (Ancient Greek: ὀρθόσγωνία, lit. 'upright
angle'),[2] is a triangle in which one angle is a right angle (that is, a 90-
degree angle), i.e., in which two sides are perpendicular. The relation
between the sides and other angles of the right triangle is the basis for
trigonom etry.
The side oppos ite to the right angle is called the hypotenuse (side c in
the figure). The sides adjacent to the right angle are called legs (or
catheti, singular: cathetus). Side a may be identified as the side
adjacent to angle B and oppos ed to (or oppos ite) angle A, while side b is the side adjacent to angle A and
oppos ed to angl e B.
If the lengths of all three sides of a right triangle are integers, the triangle is said to be a Pythagor ean
triangle and its side lengths are collectively know n as a Pythagor ean triple.
Principal properties
Area
Altitudes
Pythagorean theorem
Inradius and circumradius
Characterizations
Sides and semiperimeter
Angles
Area
Inradius and exradii
Altitude and medians
Circumcircle and incircle
Trigonometric ratios
Special right triangles
Kepler triangle
Thales' theorem
Medians
Euler line
Inequalities
Other properties
See alsoContentsAltitude of a
right triangleReferences
External links
As with any triangle, the area is equal to one half the base multiplied by the correspondi ng height. In a right
triangle, if one leg is taken as the base then the other is height, so the area of a right triangle is one half the
produc t of the two legs. As a formula the area T is
where a and b are the legs of the triangle.
If the incircle is tangent to the hypotenuse AB at point P, then denoting the semi-perimeter (a + b + c) / 2 as
s, we have PA = s − a and PB = s − b, and the area is given by
This formula only applies to right triangles.[3]
If an altitude is drawn from the vertex with the right angle to the hypot enuse then the
triangle is divided into two smaller triangles which are both similar to the original and
therefore similar to each other. From this:
The altitude to the hypotenuse is the geometric mean (mean proportional)
of the two segments of the hypotenuse.[4]: 243
Each leg of the triangle is the mean proportional of the hypotenuse and
the segment of the hypotenuse that is adjacent to the leg.
In equations,
 (this is sometimes known as the right triangle altitude theorem)
where a, b, c, d, e, f are as shown in the diagram.[5] Thus
Moreover, the altitude to the hypot enuse is related to the legs of the right triangle by[6][7]Principal properties
Area
Altitudes